Day two of making Pixel Brawl. Yesterday
he learned how to move. Today we're
giving him his first punch and a crouch.
This is the Street Fighter style game
I'm building completely with AI tools.
Pixel Lab for the art, Claude for the
code. He's already walking, running, and
jumping. But right now, he can't fight.
So instead of opening Pixel Lab, this
time I just told Claude to make all the
animations using Pixel Lab, lead jab,
crouching, and crouch walking, all east
and west, and import them to the project
using the Pixel Lab MCP. The last frame
of the crouching animation is going to
be our idle crouch. And the rest of the
crouch walk for movement while crouched.
That way, I don't even have to go to the
website. If anything needs cleanup, I'll
fix it later. Claude synced the new
animations and mapped them
automatically.
Space for punch, down arrow for crouch,
and added the states and code. Now he
can move, crouch, and throw a punch.
Pixel Brawl is actually starting to look
like a game. Next up, we're adding
hitboxes, knockback, and the first NPC.
Come back for day three.